# CS-340-Submissions

1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

   When I write programs, I try to create blocks of code that make sense and are written as clearly as possible. My functions should be separate enough that you can tell where one ends and the other begins, while keeping functions that are meant to work together in as close proximity as possible, without compromising neat code. Creating a dashboard is useful when attempting to put a complex series of tasks with multiple outcomes in one place. In the future, using my dashboard module would be useful for accessing databases with similar functionality.

3. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

   When approaching a problem or task, I first consider what requirements are needed and write them in an organized manner, filtering them by most to least important. Then, I make a plan on how to incorporate these requirements into a program. After starting on the program, I frequently test for bugs to ensure that nothing is broken by the time the program is finished. My approach for this project did not differ from previous assignment or courses, my steps were simply completed earlier since some of the blanks were already filled in. Creating a database in the future, I would likely use the same strategies I did before, taking into account how complex they wanted the database to be, and how easy they want to be abel to alter it.

5. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

   Computer scientists create software for various purposes depending on whom they are working for or what they are working on. This software exists to make the lives of people in general easier by accomplishing tasks they either could not complete on their own, or that would take significantly more time to complete. By using software to automate these tasks, companies and individuals can focus on their service and helping people who use their service. By creating a program or database that allows a company like Grazioso to access hundreds or thousands of animals and their information in a matter of seconds, they can help care for that many more animals without needing stacks upon stacks of physical files and documents. It allows them to take on more work with less effort than before, which is beneficial to all parties involved.
